docs: improve Host Firewall GSG (#13673)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/host-firewall.rst

Deploy Cilium release via Helm:

.. code:: shell-session

>     $ helm install cilium |CHART_RELEASE|      \\

Reviewer: Unless there's a mix of commands and command outputs, I would stick to the current formatting. Adding the shell sign messes up copy pasta and the Copy all/Copy first line button of read the docs; I don't think it's worth the additional consistency.

Side note: Might be nice to have a policy on how we handle that across the docs.

Author: Ok. And I think I should actually keep this block as a `parsed-literal`, or `|CHART_RELEASE|` may not be interpreted? I need to double check.

Author: Heads-up: this block _must_ remain as a `parsed-literal` for the `|CHART_RELEASE|` to be parsed.

      --namespace kube-system                  \\
      --set hostFirewall=true                  \\
      --set devices='{ethX,ethY}'

> The ``devices`` refer to the network devices Cilium is configured on such as

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
The ``devices`` flag refers to the network devices Cilium is configured on such as
```

``eth0``. Omitting this option leads Cilium to auto-detect what interfaces the
host firewall applies to.

At this point, the Cilium-managed nodes are ready to enforce network policies.

.. note::

    The host firewall is not compatible with per-endpoint routing. This option
    is enabled by default on managed services (AKS, EKS, GKE), so in order to
    use the host firewall on those environments, per-endpoint routing must be
    disabled. For example, on GKE, replace ``--set gke.enabled=true`` with
    ``--set ipam.mode=kubernetes --set endpointRoutes.enabled=false --set
    tunnel=disabled``.

    See also `GitHub issue #13121
    <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/13121>`_.

Attach a Label to the Node
==========================

.. note::

    This must be done *after* deploying Cilium, or the agent may not pick up

>     the change.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I would add a note for that bug. We'll likely get it fixed shortly and if folks follow the guide, they shouldn't run into this issue anyway.

Author: Wasn't 100% sure either... Ok, I can remove it.

Mode is enabled, no network policy is enforced so this setting is *not
recommended for production deployment*.

.. code:: shell-session

    $ CILIUM_NAMESPACE=kube-system

>     $ CILIUM_POD_NAME=$(kubectl -n $CILIUM_NAMESPACE get pods -l "k8s-app=cilium" -o jsonpath="{.items[?(@.spec.nodeName=='$NODE_NAME')].metadata.name}")

Reviewer: Nice! :tada:

Author: I think this is also something we could use in the CI k8s helpers to get the Cilium pod on a given node, which I think we currently do in two steps. I'll check and fix there as a follow-up if relevant.

    $ HOST_EP_ID=$(kubectl -n $CILIUM_NAMESPACE exec $CILIUM_POD_NAME -- cilium endpoint list -o jsonpath='{[?(@.status.identity.id==1)].id}')
    $ kubectl -n $CILIUM_NAMESPACE exec $CILIUM_POD_NAME -- cilium endpoint config $HOST_EP_ID PolicyAuditMode=Enabled
    Endpoint 3353 configuration updated successfully

>     $ kubectl -n $CILIUM_NAMESPACE exec $CILIUM_POD_NAME -- cilium endpoint config $HOST_EP_ID -o jsonpath='{.realized.options.PolicyAuditMode}'

Reviewer: I'd rather keep the previous command. It has the benefit of having a clear output (i.e., you don't need to parse what the command does exactly to figure out what's happening). It's also shorter and consistent with how we grep for statuses elsewhere (e.g., in the kube-proxy-free guide).

Author: (But at least I trained myself at the jsonpath syntax!)
